hi guys welcome back to my channel and
welcome welcome to episode 2 of strong
for summer this series is about helping
other petite women get in shape and get
fit throughout the summer so we can be
strong rather than focusing on having a
bikini body because everyone knows
actually nobody knows what that means I
don't even know what that means
so we're focusing on strength so this is
a collaboration all the episodes in the
series are a collaboration with fellow
smolitics community members and this
video was requested by community member
Josie who asked for a workout that she
could do ever office on a little break I
filmed this out to the rest of the
community on my Instagram and people
wanted to see some kind of workout that
was sort of subtle because working out
in the office meet sort of weird and
kind of taboo and like what are you
doing so this is going to be a very
subtle little subtle stretches mobility
exercises that you can do at your
literally at your desk to help you feel
a little bit more open and just get that
blood flowing because you're sitting all
day so I'm going to start this video
with just my general some general best
tips for sort of staying active even if
you work a nine-to-five office job a lot
of you guys might know maybe you don't
know I used to work in an office as well
so no matter what if you're sitting all
day the office workout and go and do it
for your girl I'm so sorry but you got
to do a little bit more but this is
going to help so much because if you sat
all day and did absolutely nothing and
then went to the gym at the end of the
day that one hour at the gym is going to
not go that far if you're active
throughout the day if you can build
these habits throughout your day you are
going to see results so much faster you
won't even believe it
the body sitting at a desk what happens
to it over time if you sit at a desk
with your feet down like I am now every
day the common things that you're going
to experience are tight hip flexors in
the front of your the front of your
quads and your thighs and your hips
tight hips you also may experience lower
back pain which is completely related to
your tight hip flexors so what happens
when you are sitting for long periods of
time is your hip flexors start to
shorten and this is because the body it
is an amazing thing and what it wants to
do for you is it wants to become the
best at whatever you tell it to become
the best at so if you sit for 8 hours a
day you are effectively telling your
body body I want you to become the best
sitter in the world and it is going to
it is going to adapt to what you are
telling it what you're directing it to
do it is going to become the best Center
in the world your hip flexors are gonna
shrink its gonna pull your pelvis
forward you're gonna get some lower back
pain it's just going to take the shape
of the chair because that's what you are
telling it to do
that's why standing up every hour moving
around can help to kind of break up
these patterns and tell your body
something different give it sort of a
break and say hey I don't want you to be
the best that are in the world because
that's terrible for my health and it
doesn't feel good so in terms of lower
body you probably have tight hip flexors
I know that's what Josie said and my
Instagram that was her biggest problem
another thing that you're going to
experience is probably just from your
neck jutting out and coming forward
you're going to experience some
tightness in strain in your neck and in
your up and your sort of your upper back
and what this ends up doing is the
rounding of the shoulders and neck
forward again if you're always leaning
forward on a computer you're the front
of your muscles and your pecs and in
your anterior delts and your shoulders
everything here is going to shorten
again because you're keeping it in this
shortened position over
long period of time and then it makes it
hard to get this chest open and pull it
back and this is combined with weakness
in the back from a neck in activity and
just being sort of lengthened if it's
you know just from being hunched if you
have that sort of weakness in the back
you're not gonna have the muscles you
need to then pull the shoulder girl back
open up the chest so over time this can
also lead to this poor posture rounded
shoulder thing and your neck coming
forward which can put a lot of stress on
your neck and your upper spine so these
can be other things that you suffer from
you always have kind of like this tight
neck and neck pain everything feels like
um you know like terrible this is also
because you're telling your body that
this is the position you want it to
become the best set so when you try to
move out of that position at the end of
the day I'm gonna feel that later when
you try to open it up but like I said
you can really combat this if you are
making every hour you're changing your
body position and opening up and doing
the exercises that I'm going to say in a
minute
so let's get into these sneaky little
tips okay tip number one a few times a
day instead of hitting up your coworkers
on the instant chat like slacking them I
want you to just get up and walk and
talk to them face-to-face I know it's
like old school and whatever but I used
to do this all the time at my old
offices and not only did it strengthen
my relationships with my coworkers
because it showed that I take initiative
and that I care but they also got my
step count up and kept my energy going
throughout the day because I was able to
just get up and move every 45 minutes or
so tip to a little bit of a weird one
but I actually did used to this you can
have walking meetings I know it's like
what is that you can just I don't know
if you have some co-workers or your boss
that you're like a little bit more close
with where you have frequent meetings
all the time you could suggest that you
guys have your meeting walking outside
to get a cup of coffee taking a little
walk around the office just to switch
things up just tell them hey yeah you
know we meet all the time what if we
just did like a little walking meeting
what if we just did a walk around the
block together and discussed XY and Z if
it's confidential maybe you do need to
be in a private room but maybe for those
less important meetings you can ask them
if they would do a walk and talk because
you're trying to be more active and they
might be like huh might inspire them
they might they might say wow I should
really do more things like this third
tip is to take a walk around the block
every day now yes I live in Manhattan
and I can just you could just pop out of
the office and then walk around the
block maybe you're in a suburban area
and there's nowhere to go but no one has
to know that you're going for a low walk
around the block for no reason could
just be you taking yourself out on a
little stroll and it will help a lot
because if you do it in the afternoon
right after you eat lunch maybe it will
help you not fall into that kind of
Sleepy State and it can also kind of
just boost your energy and refresh your
mind really give your mind a break and
yeah it just gets you back in the office
feeling a little bit refreshed and get
your step count of
okay and then I have a major major major
major key major hack right here this one
is super strange and super weird but I
used to do it and I am ashamed so this
one is super weird but I kid you not I
used to do this and I'm not ashamed of
it so there are gonna be some stretches
that I give you in a couple minutes that
will be really easy to do without anyone
really noticing but there are some
movements that you really need to do
that require a quite a bit more
exaggerated movement so my hack is
what's up once a day go into the
bathroom go into the handicapped
bathroom and do these stretches that way
no one else to see you if you're wearing
a dress or a skirt
it doesn't matter or no one's seeing you
just get these stretches in I used to do
this all the time because there's really
no private place in an office but the
bathroom stall is and no one else to
know that you're doing stretches in the
stall like I know it sounds so weird but
it helped me a lot just to stay mobile
and flexible throughout the day
literally just to keep my blood flowing
so I'm gonna give you some some things
you can just do in your routine when you
go to the bathroom just also throw these
stretches in there I don't know guys it
really helped it's something I really
used to do so I'm sharing it with you so
those are my four tips to start just to
kind of have a healthier lifestyle and
kind of make your office day a little
bit more active so so far if any of
these tips have been helpful for you or
your sanjoin learning about the body
when it's sitting in an office please
give this video a like give it a thumbs
up and subscribe if you're petite
speaking of petite let's talk about
posture because my goal for small and
short women is not to make us taller
that is not the goal it is for us to
feel taller on the inside which is
something anyone can achieve even if
they're already tall they may feel small
so not to rhyme or anything but it's a
feeling
height is feeling so our posture being
down and withdrawn kind of curved in
it's not only bad for us physically but
it also can have sort of like a mental
effect as well because we're already
petite and then if we're
and shortening ourselves even more
through our posture and the way we sit
it can kind of just communicate to
others that that smallness but also we
might not feel that tall so improving
our posture is really important because
it's gonna help us feel confident it's
gonna help us feel tall and it's gonna
make you healthier overall and stronger
okay so now we're gonna get into the
workout and I'm gonna take you through
these exercises you can do right at your
desk right now we are going to start
with the top of the head move down our
body to our feet so step one is going to
be a simple little neck stretch you're
just going to tilt your head to the side
and gently tap on the front tap on the
side to pull down I don't want you to to
yank it but just just breathing and
pulling your neck
lightly stretching the scalenes on the
side these are very tight for a lot of
people you could do this a few times you
can hold it for up to thirty seconds if
you like just opening up you'll start to
feel maybe even something crack don't
want to crack it on purpose but might
just start to relax a little bit okay
the next one are shoulder rolls starting
to open up those tight chest muscles so
I want you to really exaggerate this
motion really whew just cracked really
pulling those shoulders back breathing
will help also unlock these muscles
because your breath is a bunch of
muscles so using your breath throughout
this will help get those muscles moving
and forward you could do about 10 10
rolls each direction
breathing so next one is cat cows this
is really good for opening up your back
and getting some spinal mobility in
there so the first one we're going to do
is cow you're gonna inhale arch your
back and exhale rounds and hollow out
your back like a cat and you can do this
a few times this is a really good
exercise make sure you're really
rounding out your shoulders using about
living your neck drop will do one more
when you can really do these as many
times as you like but I think up to
about five to ten reps will be really
good for you to feel some of that
increased mobility next we're going to
do is a spinal twist so if you have a
swivel chair you can grab on to the the
desk and just swivel your chair you just
swivel your seat back and forth if
you're in one of these static chairs
like me you can just gently twist and
twist mmm this feels good
oh my sign is cracked I just woke up so
this is also actually a really nice
gentle a little morning routine again
this is pretty a pretty gentle routine
it's not anything that's meant to get
your heart rate up necessarily but just
when to sort of lubricate your joints
and open up some of your common muscle
patterns and change them because your
body's so used to this next thing we're
going to do our shoulder blade squeezes
so I mentioned that our back is probably
weakened if we're sitting a lot these
muscles are lengthened and weak and
because of an activity so what I'm going
to want you to do is squeeze your
shoulder blades together like clenching
them and you're gonna hold hold for five
seconds and relax just like that
hold and relax I want you to do this 10
times hold and relax is we really need
to strengthen these muscles so that we
can pull our shoulders back so you get
the idea
just a few more
oh sorry to actually sweat I'm trying to
keep you guys dry but if you're doing it
right maybe it'll break a little sweat
like me okay next one we're gonna do is
wrist mobility another thing that you
may experience our carpal times carpal
tunnel or some tight wrist from the
keyboard so I want you to just do some
wrist rolls this is a pretty subtle
thing you could do you could even do it
under your dose nobody has to know just
making sure you get a full range of
motion in there and then you can also
gently stretch your forearms out like
this and wrists oh this one feels good
getting that under side of your arm and
you can do this as many times as you
like as well focusing on whatever you
need to focus on whatever your tightest
areas are okay next we're moving into AB
contraction so we're going to work our
core a little bit just showing you my
course you can follow along sitting nice
and upright in your chair
you are going to do some ab contraction
okay so next we're going to do AB
contraction you're going to inhale and
suck it in suck in your belly button
really tight in those ads they should be
rock solid just tighten three two one
and release good and again here we are
really working on our core sucking in
the belly button holding for five
seconds and release this is a really
easy subtle movement that you can do
again at your desk just working on
strengthening your core without doing
that much movement relax once you do
this ten times
okay so you get the idea
next we're gonna be working on our quads
our quads and our pour again you're
going to just lift your feet off the
ground can't I can't see if you can tell
but my feet are not touching the ground
I'm using my core and my quads to keep
them off the ground keeping my chest
nice and upright and relax
you can come to the kind of edge of your
seat for this and raise them up and hold
really suck in that belly button and
tightening your abs and release and up
whew I really feel this in my core and
release and if you're feeling tightness
in your hip flexors then you are
definitely going to need to stretch them
out afterwards we're going to get to
that and if it's cramping in your hip
flexors this may be too much of a queer
exercise for you and you can just do the
core contractions that we just did so
you can do this hold it about do it up
about 10 reps and holding it for five
seconds at a time or more depending on
your difficulty level okay the next one
our Kardashian clenches we really need
to clench the butt literally you're just
going to clench right there holding that
tension in the gluts for five seconds
and release you see how everything just
kind of relaxed so one more time good
when I come when I kind of clench it
just go ahead and come off the seat a
little bit really holding it if you're
shaking a little bit that's good that
means that you're using your muscles and
relax
so again we're going to do ten reps of
five second contractions holding it
breathing relax again keeping your belly
button nice and tight and your core
tight and relax I'm gonna do one more
you guys should keep going
holding it and relax and then the last
thing we're gonna do is a nice little
hip opener stretch you're gonna go ahead
and put one foot up above your knee and
just sitting upright oh I feel so good
just getting a nice opener on your hip
and you're gonna get a good stretch in
your glute and perhaps even your lower
back and if you want to increase the
intensity of this you can lean forward a
little bit just make sure you're not
leaning forward like this that's not
gonna stretch much coming forward with a
flat back
you can hold each stretch for 30 seconds
do them each a few times I kid you not
these are the exercises now that I want
you to just kind of stand up from your
desk and go to the bathroom just head
into the handicapped bathroom and finish
out this mobility exercise workout
routine with these couple exercises
because these are really important for
breaking the sitting patterns we're
gonna stretch is our hip flexors so
you're going to just come down onto one
knee and make sure that you are have 90
degree angles and both your knees and I
want you this is really important
instead of sticking about like this I
want you to tuck your pelvis under nice
tight core and then you can just kind of
lean forward a little bit you know a
little bit deeper stretch but I can feel
this a lot in the front of my in the
front of my thigh in the front of my
hips hold a stretch for 30 seconds and
then you can go ahead and switch sides
again making sure that before you start
anything your pelvis is tucked under
none of that
yes right there and just holding it
getting that great stretch this is so
important for you this is probably the
best most important stretch for you as a
sitter
because your hip flexors are so tight
and they're so shortened from being in
that shortened position all day so you
should definitely be doing this every
day even if you can't do the office try
to do it at home as well I had the gem
ok the next stretch I want you to do is
just standing quad stretch you're just
going to reach up grab your foot and
just make sure that your hip isn't
coming out like this it's glued to the
other knee
and you're just gonna hold this here
again making sure that your hips are not
out like this but you're tucking your
pelvis under and just holding this
stretch breathing with it this is also
going to be really important to stretch
out your quads obviously they attach to
your hip flexor so you want to keep them
also nice and stretched and you could
switch side sides if you need to hold on
to something go ahead okay good
now we're going to open up our hips a
little bit this is one that you might
need a little bit more space for I'm
gonna just adjust the camera angle here
we're going to do a lateral lunge so
you're just gonna step out lateral and
making sure your toes are facing forward
and you're gonna feel a crazy great
stretch opener and your hips and then
you can just go from side to side we're
chillin in the bathroom stall it's fine
it's fine I'm switching back and forth
whoa did you hear that
my head just popped great hip opener
really fantastic one of my favorite
exercises remember to breathe a few
times great and then the last one you're
gonna do is a calf stretch so if you
have a wall you can always kind of
stretch like so if you don't well you're
in a bathroom so you should you can also
just bend this knee keep this leg
straight and just reach down with a flat
back and try to touch your toes you're
stretching this calf all the way up the
back of your leg and you can switch
sides again holding these stretches for
30 to 45 seconds is a good time to hold
them for if you want to do a little bit
more of a dynamic thing you can also
sort of just switch sides that you're
stretching both are gonna be good
again if you want to get a more deeper
stretch you have to hold it for a little
bit longer than that thirty Seconds okay
guys that's it great job I hope that
this was helpful for you I hope that you
can do this maybe a few times or in a
day even just start doing it once a day
at
office and if you liked this video if
you could learn something new please
give a thumbs up and as always please
submit your request for the next strong
to summer episode you can comment below
or on my Instagram all you have to do is
tell me what you want to see what you
want to collaborate with me on and I'll
make an episode on it yeah I really
enjoyed this and I hope you guys did too
and I'll see you soon bye
[Music]